📘 Read.me – Adding content to improve F5 clarity, and project structure details (#2248)
tinacms/tina.io: _docs/Definition-of-Done.md

# Definition Of Done

An issue in this repository can be closed (considered done) for...

### Code + Content Changes

> 1. Code compiles and change makes sense for the issue. All issue tasks have been ticked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Code compiles and the change aligns with the issue description. All tasks related to the issue have been completed.
```

1. When the latest commit has been manually tested against a preview deployment.

> 1. When the code has been reviewed by a project maintainer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The code has been reviewed and approved by a project maintainer.
```

1. Code has been deployed to production.
1. Any bugs or technical debt that arise from the issue have been logged in a PBI that links to this code change.

> 1. Issue had been closed with a closing comment added describing solution or linking changed pages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Issue had been closed with a closing comment added describing solution or linking changed pages.
1. All relevant automated tests have been executed and passed.
```
